; vim:ft=dosini

include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/bars/bottom.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/bars/common.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/bars/top.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/global.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/batteries.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/brightness.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/bspwm.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/cpu.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/date.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/fs.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/i3.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/keys.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/media.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/memory.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/menus.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/net-wired.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/net-wireless.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/temperature.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/time.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/volume.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/window.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/workspaces.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/modules/xsel.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/settings.ini
include-file = /home/ross/.config/polybar/variables.ini
